Reflection
------------
At first we attempted to have weekly in-person meetings, however members were often busy and could not attend. Therefore, we switched to an online meeting, which was much better as everyone was able to attend and contribute to the meeting. In this way, our meetings were not delayed as well. In the online meeting, we mainly planned the user stories for the sprint and assigned them among our team. This helped us to plan the sprint better and implement any process changes needed based on the previous sprint. We also decided to meet up on Thursday’s after our tutorial as everyone was able to meet up. During our Thursday meetings, we communicated our sprint users, future plans and worked on any last minute things. 

We also set deadlines which helped us manage our time better. Our deadlines were finishing the code on Wednesday and completing the documents on Thursday as we did not want to leave it for the last day. We chose Wednesday because we would experience a lot of merge conflicts and we wanted to have enough time to work on fixing those. This also provided us with time to change our code in case any of the members were unsatisfied. 

Using JIRA also worked to our advantage since it made it really easy for us to track our user stories and what we exactly had to finish before the next sprint.

Something that did not work well was our software design plan. Our overall plan was too general which led to difficulties during the development of our app. We were all sometimes confused about which features we were including and which we decided not to do. Something to improve would be to start with a more detailed plan and at the beginning of each sprint, go into even more details regarding the requirements and expectations of each story. This would make it much less confusing for developers while also preventing problems later when merging all the user stories. 

We also had an issue where we all ended up with different views and themes due to the fact that we did not plan strictly before. We should have made wireframes with a proper color scheme. That way, when we all made our features, the views wouldn’t have looked so different.

We will keep doing online meetings (due to different schedules and the current pandemic) since it was working so well for us. We will also write up whatever we decide on doing first so we know exactly what we will be making. Making professional wireframes that include a decided colour scheme would be next. Division of user stories and the sprint length of two weeks worked well for us so we will be continuing that. Jira proved to be very helpful so we will consistently use that as well.